the flowering typical along with a nice shot in front of buyers
accessible the european airspace pro league
the dutch bobsleepers has been in the ditch for a while
it is stable and am baath party
when pilots are brought on board ships
also were there is now also a time of the trumps of this type of ship
the purchase procedure will be completed shortly
in antwerp, circus was allowed to be residents of its country
tricks they show darling craft
is a very special type of time
she asks that we remain very stable because of the very special one
construction that it has
and the side of the pilot
tops golf one of the approximately five meters high
And so practically where we are now with the current system
of headers and gig one
we have 40 to 45 days a year
that we are not in the classical way we can or they by the
weather conditions
with this issue will be the 40 and 45 days
the relapse night two three days a year
this takes time and is now two and a half years in operation, almost three years
can say no in the past two winters have only one to two
days out of service because of
obs the bad weather
thanks to the sallandse in ten points but also a very dangerous helicopter
Pilotage is about to become a thing of the past
if we look at the experiences of our German colleagues
at the elbe and now also start said okada doing the same
with it rarely this smells of pilotage
I can tell you that to achieve the headline piloting on the images is as good as
nonexistent is a few moments
another very special case where the person needs it also here
can assume if we look at the
in the past two winters with this issue they don't have any helicopters on
prevent pilotage from occurring at the vocal cord, this is expected to be expected
the results are therefore not a trend
and because the Netherlands in our country worked together for piloting our country not
stay behind longer
The official procedure that are as good as completed normally will be the destination
for dries it was to be placed in a mothership within a few months
everyone has to plan for this concert, both the shed and the people who attend it
have to sail
but we both have a huge problem with the old pilot vessels
the tickets cost
so we really have to do something in you
and as important that we are in our interest is the Flemish interest and the
Flemish interest is our interest in this because we of course serve both
scheldevaart and then no longer dodge and hamas have the flocks thick
salaries and we our aldermen
and we have an enormous interest
costs a good way because we do it for free because of that cooperation
we leave that to the Flemings
at the walker
The Flemings then let it go for both the stone marten
the door is indeed on our side as far as possible
a soft compulsion is already behind the table
it is a black moped that will be fit on the flemish side in 2013 or in it
worst case by 2013
vab expected
beautiful
the antwerp port in the first months of 2008 with the iphone 4 percent
grown
compared to the same period last year
and it has to be said that it is mainly the containers that have a strong start
of the year
with two million 75,000 euros or quotes from Antwerp for the fourth quarter
in a row the magic border of two million teu our other Flemish ports
generally take time with good quarterly figures
so grows and zeebrugge with greece 2 percent
container throughput climbs with a 15 come 7 percent top 500 47 thousand euros
the escalator cycle path ticks 3 percent of the total treated sea bridge already
tens of 3 million tonnes of goods
with plus ten coming 8 percent, the port of Ghent is the strongest grower
the maritime throughput in the first quarter weekend grew out of five
comma 88 million tons after the six and a half million tons
the supply increases with the seven kommarin percent the supply by no less than 10 24
per cent
it is striking that gent scores very well in almost all good categories
agricultural products double but also building materials best of and
metal products I'm 14 percent more ahead of it
cities figures so in antwerp zeebrugge and ghent only costs
in the first quarter because behind he uses a traffic decrease of almost 6
per cent
This decrease is the result of the ro-ro traffic that occurred after the acquisition of VWS
until cobelfret has not fully recovered in the middle of last year
cobelfret was still with the five ships instead of six and therefore
fell the number of celebrities because the 86 thousand units after the 77 thousand
pieces a decrease of 11 percent
as a cobelfret his search for the extra ship can be successfully completed
without that jump post and the doll can't get positive numbers
register
no